# Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.davidsmith.cloud.

This is the Personal and Nonprofit Blog of David Smith. You can find more about me under https://www.davidsmith.cloud/about/

# What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We are not interested on any personal data. However, we collect for services like statistics and comments to improve the overall user experience. We are not interested in selling your data to any third party company. You can find more information about data collection in the following text.

# Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

# Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (”Google“). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

To have a better understanding how we can improve our website and our content, we are using Google Analytics. We only use Google Analytics to create anonymous statistics. You can find more information about the Privacy Policy of Google here: https://policies.google.com/privacy 

# Who we share your data with
We do not sell data to any third party vendor. However we are using third party services for our hosting services, statistics and others. These services do have some own statistics and tools. These services include vendors like:

Hostpoint AG (Privacy Policy)
Google (Privacy Policy)
Twitter (Privacy Policy)
Facebook (Privacy Policy)
WordPress (Privacy Policy)
Jetpack (Privacy Policy)

# Your contact information
For the contact information check https://www.davidsmith.cloud/about

# Additional information
How we protect your data
We are working with our service provider to run our systems in a secure manner and keep our systems up to date. We are also investing in keeping all data secure and our software up to date.